Ok so i wanted to write out what my plan of use and output for my first video was going to be. We can use this as a guide for how some of the workflow and result should be.
I will try to go through in order of operations.
1. Song: Could generate or provide a song with lyric, style information. Note some instrumental songs would end up going by the Treatment plan allot harder as there may not be a singer to associate with but rather the environments and/or instruments. I would be providing the "Harder Faster (Female Cover)" you are familiar with. Lyrics at "J:\Hermes-Remote\comfyui\ComfyUI_windows_portable\ComfyUI\input\music-video\lyrics\Harder Faster (Female Cover) - Prepared.txt"

2. Vibe (Treatment): I would like to be able to instruct it to "Create a rock music video where it alternates between our female character singing at a standing microphone during the verses with action shots and laying on a bed in the back during the chorus with glamour camera angles and occasional posed singing shots on the bed mixed in. Set in a darker moonlit empty warehouse with a black draped canopy bed in the center."

3. Assets: I would like to be able to choose/create some starter assets and the character template(s). If i have a character already as a stylesheet then good, in this case we kinda do but lets go with the raw "J:\Hermes-Remote\comfyui\ComfyUI_windows_portable\ComfyUI\input\music-video\characters\HarderFaster.png" example which is what that stylesheet was based on (with some prompting for red boots since those aren't visible). Locations could be generated or uploaded here too, we already have "J:\Hermes-Remote\comfyui\ComfyUI_windows_portable\ComfyUI\input\music-video\locations\DaskWarehouseBed.png". We may also want to consider this is where image editing workflow could be employed. Lets say i wanted to create an alternate stylesheet with a different outfit for those in the bed shots during the chorus, we should be able to click on an "AI Mod" button for that image asset (in this case the original character image input or the style sheet) and prompt for an image edit, which would produce a new image asset in the project i could reject (by deleting it) or keep, or modify further. We could also have an "Asset Fill" button (with number entry defaulting to 8), which would prompt a "Stage Manager" to go over what we have and assess what other assets/angles/locations/characters may be needed for the music video and create them.

4. Timeline Population: In the Assets section should be a big "Populate Timeline" button with a warning when pressed telling the user that it will go through and setup the timeline with the information from 01-03 Song-Assets including laying out all of the shots which will remove any unsaved timeline work and that this is intended for first run only with empty timeline or redoing the Populate after reworking 01-03. If accepted I want it to do just that. The system should lay out shots across the timeline appropriate for the music length, then populate those shots with the basic assets and descriptions. Once finished there should be a filled out music video plan that could be scrubbed through to get an idea of each shot. Ideally no edits may be needed and it could all be rendered out, but if individual shot changes or asset edits would be made this would be it. This is also when the prompts for each shot would be Expanded for the video system both individually and/or batched through the whole shot collection.

5. Video Generation: Individual shots could be rendered if desired for testing and specific desires, alternate workflows could be selected and assets added to work with those. Once satisfied the main generation could be selected (Warning on time/GPU)(We already have a checkbox for whether this would overwrite existing shots clips or not). Once finished we would essentially have the timeline video assets populated and playable. The video line should be mutable, as should the audio line. Each video clip should also be able to be individually muted. This way only the main music track and accepted audio from videos would come through. 

6. Final Render: Once satisfied with how all of the shots look together the user should be able to Export the completed video in video file format. The composition should then render out appropriately and save as a video file the user can then play/upload. 
